# FinalProject
Drawing on the Web Final Project


My initial idea for this project was something that I was pretty excited about. But the more I thought about it and the what I would actually be able to do, I realized that it may not be possible with what I know and that I was thinking a little too hard about using the most complicated and coolest looking functions that javascript had to offer. I scrapped this original idea and thought more about what I wanted to make the project on and less of what I could use to make the project. As I was laying on my bed next to my stuffed animal cow, it came to mind: Milk. I've always loved milk growing up. Cereal has always been my go-to breakfast, Ice cream is undeniably delicious and sometimes I would buy cartons of milk just to drink it as water. It is undoubtedly one of the biggest parts of my life. So with that in mind, I came up with three new drawings. The first would be using a WebGL. The idea is to model a milk carton, bowl, and milk pouring out of the carton in the bowl. I would then use a skybox of a pasture or a sky, something simple, but mesmerizing. My second drawing will be using keyfrae animation along with the javascript ability to track mouse position, and with that, create a web page in which your cursor acts to herd a bunch of cows that will all be separately animated. The third drawing will involve HTML canvas. This will be a portrait of a cow with flashing lights and fire, something eye-catching. This piece is to speak to the horrible ethics of the dairy industry, because even though I do drink a lot of milk, it's important to understand its roots and I don't want these drawings to become a celebration of something that I don't support. Because of that, I have been leaning towards alternatives more recently, such as plant milk, but that is off the topic. Milk is a luxury and I'm so privileged to be able to drink it. These drawings are just an ode to what milk has been able to do for me as a human and what as humans can try to do to make the industry a little more ethical. 
